README.md, before:

# Awesome-PicGo 

> A collection of awesome project using [PicGo](https://github.com/PicGo/PicGo-Core).

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Molunerfinn/test/master/picgo/New%20LOGO-150.png" alt="">
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/feross/standard">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-green.svg?style=flat-square" alt="">
  </a>
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org/Molunerfinn/PicGo/builds">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/travis/Molunerfinn/PicGo.svg?style=flat-square" alt="">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Molunerfinn/PicGo/releases">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Molunerfinn/PicGo/total.svg?style=flat-square" alt="">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Molunerfinn/PicGo/releases/latest">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/Molunerfinn/PicGo.svg?style=flat-square" alt="">
  </a>
</p>


## :rocket: Plugin for PicGo

| Name                                                         | Introduction                                                 | CLI                | GUI                |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------ | ------------------ |
| [picgo-plugin-autocopy](https://github.com/PicGo/picgo-plugin-autocopy) | A plugin for auto copying url to clipboard after uploading.  | :white_check_mark: | :x:                |
| [picgo-plugin-github-plus](https://github.com/zWingz/picgo-plugin-github-plus) | An **uploader** for GitHub & Gitee with sync function.       | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-pic-migrater](https://github.com/PicGo/picgo-plugin-pic-migrater) | A plugin for pictures in markdown files migrating from one img host to another one. | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-web-uploader](https://github.com/yuki-xin/picgo-plugin-web-uploader) | An **uploader** for custom web api.                          | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-qingstor-uploader](https://github.com/chengww5217/picgo-plugin-qingstor-uploader) | An **uploader** for QingStor image hosting.                  | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-vscode-migrator](https://github.com/upupming/picgo-plugin-vscode-migrator) | A plugin for PicGo to import images from [`vs-picgo`](https://github.com/Spades-S/vs-picgo/). | :x:                | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-super-prefix](https://github.com/gclove/picgo-plugin-super-prefix#readme) | A plugin for customizing images filename and prefix.         | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-smms-user](https://github.com/xlzy520/picgo-plugin-smms-user.git) | An **uploader** for registered user of SM.MS.                | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-gitlab](https://github.com/bugwz/picgo-plugin-gitlab) | An **uploader** for GitLab.                                  | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-gitlab-files](https://github.com/D-W-X/picgo-plugin-gitlab-files) | An **uploader** for GitLab.Every file make a pull request.   | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-bilibili](https://github.com/xlzy520/picgo-plugin-bilibili) | An **uploader** for Bilibili.                                | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-gitee](https://github.com/zhanghuid/picgo-plugin-gitee) | An **uploader** for Gitee.                                   | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-gitee-uploader](https://github.com/lizhuangs/picgo-plugin-gitee-uploader#readme) | An **uploader** for Gitee.                                   | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-nextcloud-uploader](https://github.com/jiajiajia343434/picgo-plugin-nextcloud-uploader) | An **uploader** for Nextcloud.                               | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-watermark](https://github.com/Dec-F/picgo-plugin-watermark) | A plugin for watermarking pictures. **【GUI v2.2.0+】**      | :x:                | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-quick-capture](https://github.com/PicGo/picgo-plugin-quick-capture) | A plugin for quickly capture screenshot && uploading. **【GUI v2.2.0+】** | :x:                | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-azure](https://github.com/CaiJingLong/picgo-plugin-azure) | An **uploader** for [Azure](http://dev.azure.com).           | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-sharp](https://github.com/iovw/picgo-plugin-sharp) | A **transformer** for image compression.                     | :white_check_mark: | :x:                |
| [picgo-plugin-coding](https://github.com/zytomorrow/picgo-plugin-coding) | An **uploader** for Coding.net.                              | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-compress](https://github.com/JuZiSang/picgo-plugin-compress) | A plugin for image compression.                              | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-wxcloud-uploader](https://github.com/arleyGuoLei/picgo-plugin-wxcloud-uploader) | An **uploader** for wx-cloud (微信云开发-云存储)             | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-folder-name](https://github.com/evgo2017/picgo-plugin-folder-name) | A plugin for use part of the local address of the file as part of the cloud address. ( 将文件的部分本地地址，作为部分云端地址) | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-dir-prefix](https://github.com/karboom/picgo-plugin-dir-prefix) | A plugin for generate file upload key with directory struct. | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-rename-file](https://github.com/liuwave/picgo-plugin-rename-file) | A PicGo plugin for customizing file name.(文件(包括路径)名称支持日期、随机字符串、文件MD5、原文件名、原文件目录结构等) | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-ucloud](https://github.com/Wsine/picgo-plugin-ucloud) | A PicGo plugin for UCloud.                                   | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-UCloud-uploader](https://github.com/xizeyoupan/picgo-plugin-UCloud-uploader) | Another **uploader** for UCloud.                             | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-ftp-uploader](https://github.com/imba97/picgo-plugin-ftp-uploader) | An **uploader** for uploading via FTP                        | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-sftp-uploader](https://github.com/imba97/picgo-plugin-sftp-uploader) | An **uploader** for uploading via SFTP                       | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-s3](https://github.com/wayjam/picgo-plugin-s3) | An **uploader**  with [Amazon S3](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/Welcome.html) API (or other *s3 compatible api* providers). | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-minio](https://github.com/Herbertzz/picgo-plugin-minio) | An **uploader** for MinIO                                    | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-huawei-uploader](https://github.com/YunfengGao/picgo-plugin-huawei-uploader) | An **uploader** for HUAWEI Cloud OBS（华为云 对象存储）.     | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-halo-uploader](https://github.com/foraixh/picgo-plugin-halo-uploader) | An **uploader** for [halo blog](https://halo.run/).          | :white_check_mark: | :x:                |
| [picgo-plugin-cfi-uploader](https://github.com/boeto/picgo-plugin-cfi-uploader) | An **uploader** for [Cloudflare Images](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/images) | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-auto-delete](https://github.com/MiracleDx/picgo-plugin-auto-delete) | A PicGo plugin for auto delete image when upload success     | :white_check_mark: | :x:                |
| [picgo-plugin-dogecloud](https://github.com/W4J1e/picgo-plugin-dogecloud) | An **uploader** for uploading to dogecloud(多吉云)           | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-postimage](https://github.com/Redns/picgo-plugin-postimage) | An **uploader** for [postimage](https://postimages.org/)     | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-easypic](https://github.com/Redns/picgo-plugin-easypic) | An **uploader** for [My-Easy-Pic-Bed](https://github.com/fslongjin/My-Easy-Pic-Bed) | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-nutstore](https://github.com/Redns/picgo-plugin-NutStore) | An **uploader** for [NutStore](https://www.jianguoyun.com/) (坚果云) | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-bilinyun](https://github.com/Redns/picgo-plugin-bilinyun) | An **uploader** for [bilinyun](https://www.bilnn.com/) (比邻云) | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-imgtp](https://github.com/Redns/picgo-plugin-imgtp) | An **uploader** for [ImgTP](https://imgtp.com/)              | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-imagebed](https://github.com/Redns/picgo-plugin-imagebed) | An **uploader** for [ImageBed](https://github.com/Redns/ImageBed) | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-mmwiki](https://github.com/wowtalon/picgo-plugin-mmwiki) | An **uploader** for [mm-wiki](https://github.com/phachon/mm-wiki) | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-lankong](https://github.com/hellodk34/picgo-plugin-lankong) | An **uploader** for [兰空图床 Lsky Pro](https://github.com/lsky-org/lsky-pro) 支持 V1 和 V2 | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-autobackup](https://github.com/Redns/picgo-plugin-autobackup) | A plugin for image backup                                    | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-compression](https://github.com/Redns/picgo-plugin-compression) | A plugin for image compression                               | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-rclone](https://github.com/yabostone/picgo-plugin-rclone) | An **uploader** for [RCLONE](https://rclone.org/) 联动RCLONE，支持本地备份/远端备份，支持40多种后端。                     | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-cloudinary](https://github.com/yabostone/picgo-plugin-cloudinary) | An **uploader** for [Cloudinary](https://cloudinary.com/)                    |  :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-squoosh](https://github.com/JolyneAnasui/picgo-plugin-squoosh) | A plugin for compressing image locally using [@squoosh/lib](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/squoosh/tree/dev/libsquoosh) and rename with md5    |  :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-onemanager](https://github.com/laoxinH/picgo-plugin-onemanager) | An **uploader** for [onemanager](https://github.com/qkqpttgf/OneManager-php) 联动onemanager将onedrive作为免费图床。     |  :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-remove-exif](https://github.com/hans362/picgo-plugin-remove-exif) | Remove EXIF data before uploading 上传图片前移除EXIF数据 | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-penzi](https://github.com/lipeilin375/picgo-plugin-penzi) | An **uploader** for [喷子图床](https://pz.al/) | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-ipfs](https://github.com/KANIKIG/picgo-plugin-ipfs) | An **uploader** for IPFS. | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-alist](https://github.com/jinzhi0123/picgo-plugin-alist) | An **uploader** for Alist 在picgo把alist作为图床 | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-light-picture](https://github.com/ColdeZhang/picgo-plugin-light-picture) | An **uploader** for Light Picture 适用于Light Picture图床 | :x: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-oss-outside-url](https://github.com/caohongliang92/picgo-plugin-oss-outside-url) | A plugin for PicGo to get oss outside url 用于获取OSS私有空间资源外链的PicGo插件，支持阿里云OSS、腾讯云COS、七牛云Kodo | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-convert-heic](https://github.com/DingJunyao/picgo-plugin-convert-heic) | Convert HEIC Photo to other formats (Currently only support converting to JPEG). | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-azureimg](https://github.com/YukiCoco/picgo-plugin-azureimg) | An **uploader** for [Azure Repo](https://dev.azure.com/)  | :white_check_mark: | :x:                |
| [picgo-plugin-free-uploader](https://github.com/yuanyxh/picgo-plugin-free-uploader) | a picgo plug -in, support user custom script. | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-lsky-uploader](https://github.com/lsilencej/picgo-plugin-lsky-uploader) | An **uploader** for [LskyPro](https://github.com/lsky-org/lsky-pro) 适用于服务器自建兰空图床开源版 | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-gofile](https://github.com/songquanpeng/picgo-plugin-gofile) | An **uploader** for [Go File](https://github.com/songquanpeng/go-file). | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
<!-- | [picgo-plugin-superbed](https://github.com/MoyuScript/picgo-plugin-superbed) | An **uploader** for [Superbed（聚合图床）](https://www.superbed.cn/) | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | -->

## :hammer_and_wrench: Plugin for Other APPs

| Name                                             | Introduction              |
| ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------- |
| [vs-picgo](https://github.com/Spades-S/vs-picgo) | A VSCode plugin of PicGo. |
| [coc-picgo](https://github.com/PLDaily/coc-picgo) | A Vim plugin of PicGo. |
| [atom-picgo](https://atom.io/packages/atom-picgo) | An Atom Editor plugin of PicGo|
| [obsidian-image-auto-upload-plugin](https://github.com/renmu123/obsidian-image-auto-upload-plugin) | An Obsidian Editor plugin of PicGo and PicGo-Core |

## :package: Project using PicGo-Core

| Name                                             | Introduction              |
| ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------- |
| [giki-cli](https://github.com/jwenjian/giki-cli) | A CLI app for https://giki.app |
| [nvim-picgo](https://github.com/askfiy/nvim-picgo) | Picgo plugin for neovim |
| [PicList](https://github.com/Kuingsmile/PicList) | Advanced development based on PicGo. (基于PicGo的二次开发版本，增加了云存储管理和相册云端同步删除功能) |

## :star: Apps supports PicGo Configuration

| Name                                             | Introduction              |
| ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------- |
| [flutter-picgo](https://github.com/PicGo/flutter-picgo) | PicGo mobile app |
| [PicHoro](https://github.com/Kuingsmile/PicHoro) | Another PicGo mobile app |

------

## Contribution

Make sure your have read the [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/PicGo/Awesome-PicGo/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md), then you can open a PR!

Commit message:

为 picgo 增加了遇见图床的插件 https://github.com/yibaiba/picgo-plugin-yujian

README.md, after:

# Awesome-PicGo 

> A collection of awesome project using [PicGo](https://github.com/PicGo/PicGo-Core).

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Molunerfinn/test/master/picgo/New%20LOGO-150.png" alt="">
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/feross/standard">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-green.svg?style=flat-square" alt="">
  </a>
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org/Molunerfinn/PicGo/builds">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/travis/Molunerfinn/PicGo.svg?style=flat-square" alt="">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Molunerfinn/PicGo/releases">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Molunerfinn/PicGo/total.svg?style=flat-square" alt="">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Molunerfinn/PicGo/releases/latest">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/Molunerfinn/PicGo.svg?style=flat-square" alt="">
  </a>
</p>


## :rocket: Plugin for PicGo

| Name                                                         | Introduction                                                 | CLI                | GUI                |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------ | ------------------ |
| [picgo-plugin-autocopy](https://github.com/PicGo/picgo-plugin-autocopy) | A plugin for auto copying url to clipboard after uploading.  | :white_check_mark: | :x:                |
| [picgo-plugin-github-plus](https://github.com/zWingz/picgo-plugin-github-plus) | An **uploader** for GitHub & Gitee with sync function.       | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-pic-migrater](https://github.com/PicGo/picgo-plugin-pic-migrater) | A plugin for pictures in markdown files migrating from one img host to another one. | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-web-uploader](https://github.com/yuki-xin/picgo-plugin-web-uploader) | An **uploader** for custom web api.                          | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-qingstor-uploader](https://github.com/chengww5217/picgo-plugin-qingstor-uploader) | An **uploader** for QingStor image hosting.                  | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-vscode-migrator](https://github.com/upupming/picgo-plugin-vscode-migrator) | A plugin for PicGo to import images from [`vs-picgo`](https://github.com/Spades-S/vs-picgo/). | :x:                | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-super-prefix](https://github.com/gclove/picgo-plugin-super-prefix#readme) | A plugin for customizing images filename and prefix.         | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-smms-user](https://github.com/xlzy520/picgo-plugin-smms-user.git) | An **uploader** for registered user of SM.MS.                | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-gitlab](https://github.com/bugwz/picgo-plugin-gitlab) | An **uploader** for GitLab.                                  | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-gitlab-files](https://github.com/D-W-X/picgo-plugin-gitlab-files) | An **uploader** for GitLab.Every file make a pull request.   | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-bilibili](https://github.com/xlzy520/picgo-plugin-bilibili) | An **uploader** for Bilibili.                                | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-gitee](https://github.com/zhanghuid/picgo-plugin-gitee) | An **uploader** for Gitee.                                   | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-gitee-uploader](https://github.com/lizhuangs/picgo-plugin-gitee-uploader#readme) | An **uploader** for Gitee.                                   | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-nextcloud-uploader](https://github.com/jiajiajia343434/picgo-plugin-nextcloud-uploader) | An **uploader** for Nextcloud.                               | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-watermark](https://github.com/Dec-F/picgo-plugin-watermark) | A plugin for watermarking pictures. **【GUI v2.2.0+】**      | :x:                | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-quick-capture](https://github.com/PicGo/picgo-plugin-quick-capture) | A plugin for quickly capture screenshot && uploading. **【GUI v2.2.0+】** | :x:                | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-azure](https://github.com/CaiJingLong/picgo-plugin-azure) | An **uploader** for [Azure](http://dev.azure.com).           | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-sharp](https://github.com/iovw/picgo-plugin-sharp) | A **transformer** for image compression.                     | :white_check_mark: | :x:                |
| [picgo-plugin-coding](https://github.com/zytomorrow/picgo-plugin-coding) | An **uploader** for Coding.net.                              | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-compress](https://github.com/JuZiSang/picgo-plugin-compress) | A plugin for image compression.                              | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-wxcloud-uploader](https://github.com/arleyGuoLei/picgo-plugin-wxcloud-uploader) | An **uploader** for wx-cloud (微信云开发-云存储)             | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-folder-name](https://github.com/evgo2017/picgo-plugin-folder-name) | A plugin for use part of the local address of the file as part of the cloud address. ( 将文件的部分本地地址，作为部分云端地址) | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-dir-prefix](https://github.com/karboom/picgo-plugin-dir-prefix) | A plugin for generate file upload key with directory struct. | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-rename-file](https://github.com/liuwave/picgo-plugin-rename-file) | A PicGo plugin for customizing file name.(文件(包括路径)名称支持日期、随机字符串、文件MD5、原文件名、原文件目录结构等) | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-ucloud](https://github.com/Wsine/picgo-plugin-ucloud) | A PicGo plugin for UCloud.                                   | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-UCloud-uploader](https://github.com/xizeyoupan/picgo-plugin-UCloud-uploader) | Another **uploader** for UCloud.                             | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-ftp-uploader](https://github.com/imba97/picgo-plugin-ftp-uploader) | An **uploader** for uploading via FTP                        | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-sftp-uploader](https://github.com/imba97/picgo-plugin-sftp-uploader) | An **uploader** for uploading via SFTP                       | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-s3](https://github.com/wayjam/picgo-plugin-s3) | An **uploader**  with [Amazon S3](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/Welcome.html) API (or other *s3 compatible api* providers). | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-minio](https://github.com/Herbertzz/picgo-plugin-minio) | An **uploader** for MinIO                                    | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-huawei-uploader](https://github.com/YunfengGao/picgo-plugin-huawei-uploader) | An **uploader** for HUAWEI Cloud OBS（华为云 对象存储）.     | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-halo-uploader](https://github.com/foraixh/picgo-plugin-halo-uploader) | An **uploader** for [halo blog](https://halo.run/).          | :white_check_mark: | :x:                |
| [picgo-plugin-cfi-uploader](https://github.com/boeto/picgo-plugin-cfi-uploader) | An **uploader** for [Cloudflare Images](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/images) | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-auto-delete](https://github.com/MiracleDx/picgo-plugin-auto-delete) | A PicGo plugin for auto delete image when upload success     | :white_check_mark: | :x:                |
| [picgo-plugin-dogecloud](https://github.com/W4J1e/picgo-plugin-dogecloud) | An **uploader** for uploading to dogecloud(多吉云)           | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-postimage](https://github.com/Redns/picgo-plugin-postimage) | An **uploader** for [postimage](https://postimages.org/)     | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-easypic](https://github.com/Redns/picgo-plugin-easypic) | An **uploader** for [My-Easy-Pic-Bed](https://github.com/fslongjin/My-Easy-Pic-Bed) | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-nutstore](https://github.com/Redns/picgo-plugin-NutStore) | An **uploader** for [NutStore](https://www.jianguoyun.com/) (坚果云) | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-bilinyun](https://github.com/Redns/picgo-plugin-bilinyun) | An **uploader** for [bilinyun](https://www.bilnn.com/) (比邻云) | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-imgtp](https://github.com/Redns/picgo-plugin-imgtp) | An **uploader** for [ImgTP](https://imgtp.com/)              | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-imagebed](https://github.com/Redns/picgo-plugin-imagebed) | An **uploader** for [ImageBed](https://github.com/Redns/ImageBed) | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-mmwiki](https://github.com/wowtalon/picgo-plugin-mmwiki) | An **uploader** for [mm-wiki](https://github.com/phachon/mm-wiki) | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-lankong](https://github.com/hellodk34/picgo-plugin-lankong) | An **uploader** for [兰空图床 Lsky Pro](https://github.com/lsky-org/lsky-pro) 支持 V1 和 V2 | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-autobackup](https://github.com/Redns/picgo-plugin-autobackup) | A plugin for image backup                                    | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-compression](https://github.com/Redns/picgo-plugin-compression) | A plugin for image compression                               | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-rclone](https://github.com/yabostone/picgo-plugin-rclone) | An **uploader** for [RCLONE](https://rclone.org/) 联动RCLONE，支持本地备份/远端备份，支持40多种后端。                     | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-cloudinary](https://github.com/yabostone/picgo-plugin-cloudinary) | An **uploader** for [Cloudinary](https://cloudinary.com/)                    |  :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-squoosh](https://github.com/JolyneAnasui/picgo-plugin-squoosh) | A plugin for compressing image locally using [@squoosh/lib](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/squoosh/tree/dev/libsquoosh) and rename with md5    |  :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-onemanager](https://github.com/laoxinH/picgo-plugin-onemanager) | An **uploader** for [onemanager](https://github.com/qkqpttgf/OneManager-php) 联动onemanager将onedrive作为免费图床。     |  :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-remove-exif](https://github.com/hans362/picgo-plugin-remove-exif) | Remove EXIF data before uploading 上传图片前移除EXIF数据 | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-penzi](https://github.com/lipeilin375/picgo-plugin-penzi) | An **uploader** for [喷子图床](https://pz.al/) | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-ipfs](https://github.com/KANIKIG/picgo-plugin-ipfs) | An **uploader** for IPFS. | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-alist](https://github.com/jinzhi0123/picgo-plugin-alist) | An **uploader** for Alist 在picgo把alist作为图床 | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-light-picture](https://github.com/ColdeZhang/picgo-plugin-light-picture) | An **uploader** for Light Picture 适用于Light Picture图床 | :x: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-oss-outside-url](https://github.com/caohongliang92/picgo-plugin-oss-outside-url) | A plugin for PicGo to get oss outside url 用于获取OSS私有空间资源外链的PicGo插件，支持阿里云OSS、腾讯云COS、七牛云Kodo | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-convert-heic](https://github.com/DingJunyao/picgo-plugin-convert-heic) | Convert HEIC Photo to other formats (Currently only support converting to JPEG). | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-azureimg](https://github.com/YukiCoco/picgo-plugin-azureimg) | An **uploader** for [Azure Repo](https://dev.azure.com/)  | :white_check_mark: | :x:                |
| [picgo-plugin-free-uploader](https://github.com/yuanyxh/picgo-plugin-free-uploader) | a picgo plug -in, support user custom script. | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-lsky-uploader](https://github.com/lsilencej/picgo-plugin-lsky-uploader) | An **uploader** for [LskyPro](https://github.com/lsky-org/lsky-pro) 适用于服务器自建兰空图床开源版 | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-gofile](https://github.com/songquanpeng/picgo-plugin-gofile) | An **uploader** for [Go File](https://github.com/songquanpeng/go-file). | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| [picgo-plugin-gofile](https://github.com/yibaiba/picgo-plugin-yujian) | An **uploader** for [遇见图床](https://github.com/yibaiba/picgo-plugin-yujian). | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
<!-- | [picgo-plugin-superbed](https://github.com/MoyuScript/picgo-plugin-superbed) | An **uploader** for [Superbed（聚合图床）](https://www.superbed.cn/) | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | -->

## :hammer_and_wrench: Plugin for Other APPs

| Name                                             | Introduction              |
| ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------- |
| [vs-picgo](https://github.com/Spades-S/vs-picgo) | A VSCode plugin of PicGo. |
| [coc-picgo](https://github.com/PLDaily/coc-picgo) | A Vim plugin of PicGo. |
| [atom-picgo](https://atom.io/packages/atom-picgo) | An Atom Editor plugin of PicGo|
| [obsidian-image-auto-upload-plugin](https://github.com/renmu123/obsidian-image-auto-upload-plugin) | An Obsidian Editor plugin of PicGo and PicGo-Core |

## :package: Project using PicGo-Core

| Name                                             | Introduction              |
| ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------- |
| [giki-cli](https://github.com/jwenjian/giki-cli) | A CLI app for https://giki.app |
| [nvim-picgo](https://github.com/askfiy/nvim-picgo) | Picgo plugin for neovim |
| [PicList](https://github.com/Kuingsmile/PicList) | Advanced development based on PicGo. (基于PicGo的二次开发版本，增加了云存储管理和相册云端同步删除功能) |

## :star: Apps supports PicGo Configuration

| Name                                             | Introduction              |
| ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------- |
| [flutter-picgo](https://github.com/PicGo/flutter-picgo) | PicGo mobile app |
| [PicHoro](https://github.com/Kuingsmile/PicHoro) | Another PicGo mobile app |

------

## Contribution

Make sure your have read the [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/PicGo/Awesome-PicGo/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md), then you can open a PR!
